this organization has allowed me to see so many different parts of the
world. I have never been out of the country, but I have been on all
sides of the world. Um, my one of my favorite places to live. Waas,
Maryland. The reason being, um, was that I was able to live in a community
where I could, uh, see more people that related to me and looked
like me. Andi looked like my Children. Um, that was so inspired,
inspiring and motivating for me and my family so that Maryland was
one of my favorite places. The school systems were amazing. The housing
developments were, uh, very comfortable to live, and Maryland was
one of my favorite places to live.